---
title: "Loneliness: The More I Hate It, The More It Prevails"
img: "https://encrypted-tbn0.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:ANd9GcSHYhV6tQRPc7mJKWVdW8KvdyzLIGajNSzGzw&usqp=CAU"
category: 0
language: 0
tags: ["deep", "unfiltered", "sadness"]
date: "2023-04-08"
draft: false
summary: "In my everyday life, I always wanted to be happy by either watching videos, playing games or continuing my progress in making this site. But there's this critical period in these days na I feel sad all of a sudden—or I should appropriately call it loneliness."
exciter: "In my everyday life, I always wanted to be happy by either watching videos, playing games or continuing my progress in making this site. But there's this critical period in these days na I feel sad all of a sudden—or I should appropriately call it loneliness."
---

<script>
  import H from '$lib/components/blog/Header.svelte';
  import Img from '$lib/components/blog/Image.svelte';
  import YT from '$lib/components/blog/YTEmbed.svelte';
  import S from '$lib/components/blog/Space.svelte';
  import Intro from '$lib/components/blog/Intro.svelte';
</script>

<style>
a {
  text-decoration: underline;
}
</style>

<Intro text="Ampangit-pangit talaga kapag feeling mo nag-iisa ka lang sa buhay. Andiyan man ang family mo, someone may say na andiyan naman si God (sorry po talaga, Lord, kung ganito nararamdaman ko :<). Pero iba talaga kapag may company ka, 'di lang physically, but spiritual ly."/>

By the time this blug is posted, I should lock every blug under <a href="/search/intrusive-thoughts">Intrusive Thoughts</a> kasi gusto ko talagang itago 'to sa mga kamag-anak ko.

As you read it to my <a href="/posts/bakit-ang-lalakas-ng-loob-natin-pag-walang-nakakakilala-satin-thru-online">previous blug</a>, it is better for me and for them to not see this shit or else, it's a month-wide oral defense against them.

If you want to read them, you might need to create an account here pagkatapos kong lagyan ng authentication system itong website ko. But for now, I guess, if you can read this, it's either you see it in Discord, especially in <a href="https://discord.gg/vmuR28j8Pe">Bahay ni Kuya Kim</a>, or Facebook pero naka-custom.

<H text="So, Ano Meron?"/>

Wala lang. I just want to come clean; hindi dahil sa may kasalanan ako, pero dahil gusto ko lang ilabas 'to. It's been in my mind for few months, or maybe a year.

I can't say the whole story, but let's rather say na these days, I really feel lonely. Sobra.

You know the feeling na kanina lang e patawa-tawa ka lang sa pinapanood mo kasi mas magaling pa ang impostor ni Mori Kogoro kaysa sa mismong *renowned detective* sa deduction. Tapos ngayon, you suddenly want someone you can talk to in order to ease the loneliness etched by your stupid head, but there's no to avail. 

Isn't it tragic? Yes, it is.

Okay, let's say after you read this, you wanted to check on me. Siyempre, hindi kita i-eentertain. 

Bakit? Kasi hindi ikaw 'yung hinihintay kong magtse-check sa akin. Yes, I am choosy.

And the fact that you read this part already, it is obvious kung sino talaga ang target audience ko sa blug kong 'to. Iisa lang ang intended.

Yes, alam ko. I am dumb. Really, really dumb. An attention-seeker.

You see: 

I approached a humble man to help him grow his Discord server.

I make and edit funny videos to the point that I look dumb and uncanny (some always bully me down the street due to this).

I also studied Spanish for a month.

I tried to make numerous Discord bots and websites.

Why?

Because I want to do something unordinary and praise me for such thing. I want virtual pats, eh, hahahaha. 

And why I want you to praise me? It is to prevent myself to think that I am lonely.

And, to be honest, all of the things I mentioned above (which personally branded them as my milestones)—almost all of them failed. Thus, I am really lonely.

You may say again, *"Naybi, why seek validation from other people kasi?"* Eh, why not? Bakit hindi pwede?

I am fucking aware that I should not do that shit, but I can't. Ito 'yung gusto ng puso ko. Love language ko na yata ang words of affirmation. 

Or maybe...

<H text="This Is My Coping Mechanism"/>

Time to get real na siguro. Siguro, kaya I feel lonely, kasi I lack love. I lack *eros*.

Just like what I said earlier, I will not disclose any relevant information about my love life. Pero a clue would suffice na siguro; I think, I dropped it muna, and accepted the friendship.

And with that friendship, kung saan kumakapit pa rin ako hanggang ngayon, feeling ko e mahuhulog ako sa bangin. Feeling ko, kahit ilang beses akong maghintay ng tulong, hindi talaga siya darating para iligtas ako. Dadating naman siya, pero kapag sumigaw ako nang malakas.

Everyday, sinasabi ko sa sarili ko na sawang-sawa na akong sumigaw, pero kapag lalo akong maghihintay, mas lalo akong hindi makaaalis sa bangin na'to.

For me, I see her as a friend, but for her, I feel that she does not feel the same way anymore. 

Or masyado lang akong OA dahil after all, may mga priority siya sa buhay. And I can't force myself to her para lang maisingit niya lang ako sa buhay niya sa pang-araw-araw.

Kung nasa sitwasyon mo ako sa pagkakataong ito, pipiliin mo bang istorbohin ang isang taong naggro-grow spiritually, while knowing you are somewhat evil? Don't you feel guilty?

You want to approach her, but you think you should not disturb her peaceful slumber.

Hindi ko na alam ang gagawin ko. The fact that I am not crying while writing this in the middle of the night is an understatement. Though internally, I cry a lot.

Masyado na akong maraming nasasabi, it goes random. Sorry.
